# Comments

* Tested all three scan types while logged-in as an authorized, but not admin, Identity user. In this case, the user `Jane`, which's automatically generated by my SeedData.

* The two warnings mentioned at the bottom relating to `unsafe-inline` can be resolved by adding `Content-Security-Policy` header responses, if I remember correctly from when I was testing solutions. However, my TailwindCSS stuff fails then, because it uses dynamic CSS + JS to do what it's meant to - but that's the whole point of the security risk too. If I used static generated CSS / JS, for instance TailwindCSS NPM instead of TailwindCSS CDN, then maybe that would resolve the problem, not sure. The various online research I did was rather vague on whether TailwindCSS NPM resolves these issues or not.

# Scan Tests

> A list of the high, medium and low priority issues that came up in the initial passive and active scans of your app.

* 游 Absence of Anti-CSRF Tokens (33)
* 游 Content Security Policy (CSP) Header Not Set (61)
* 游 Cross-Domain Misconfiguration (2)
* 游 Missing Anti-clickjacking Header (59)
* 游리 Cookie Without Secure Flag (5)
* 游리 Strict-Transport-Security Header Not Set (87)
* 游리 Timestamp Disclosure - Unix (7)
* 游리 X-Content-Type-Options Header Missing (64)
* 游댯 Authentication Request Identified (10)
* 游댯 Information Disclosure - Sensitive Information in URL (15)
* 游댯 Information Disclosure - Suspicious Comments (62)
* 游댯 Loosely Scoped Cookie (9)
* 游댯 Re-examine Cache-control Directives (71)
* 游댯 Retrieved from Cache
* 游댯 Session Management Response Identified (31)
* 游댯 User Agent Fuzzer (12)
* 游댯 User Controllable HTML Element Attribute (Potential XSS) (26)

> The issues you chose to mitigate and the classes and methods that you changed to implement the mitigation.

- 游 Content Security Policy (CSP) Header Not Set
  - **Mitigation:**
	  - Added `form-action 'self` header response for `Content-Security-Policy` in `Program.cs`.
	  - Migrated embedded style tags in `_Layout.cshtml` to an external, but local: CSS file.
	  - Migrated embedded script tags in `_Layout.cshtml` to an external, but local: JS file.

- 游 Cross-Domain Misconfiguration
  - **Mitigation:**
    - Downloaded Google Fonts from the remote CDN I was using and stored and used those files locally.

- 游 Missing Anti-clickjacking Header
  - **Mitigation:**
	  - Added `DENY` header response for `X-Frame-Options` in `Program.cs` - as was demonstrated during class.
	  - Don't use Google Chrome - it uses remote analytics.

> A list of the issues that come up in passive and active scans after making the code changes.

- 游 CSP: Wildcard Directive
- 游 CSP: script-src unsafe-inline
- 游 CSP: style-src unsafe-inline
- 游 XSLT Injection